[CORE-9833] Document the performanceHints field in (Global)NetworkPolicy. (#936)
tigera/docs: calico/reference/resources/globalnetworkpolicy.mdx

| doNotTrack\*\*         | Indicates to apply the rules in this policy before any data plane connection tracking, and that packets allowed by these rules should not be tracked.                                                                                | true, false               | boolean                | false                                         |
| preDNAT\*\*            | Indicates to apply the rules in this policy before any DNAT.                                                                                                                                                                         | true, false               | boolean                | false                                         |
| applyOnForward\*\*     | Indicates to apply the rules in this policy on forwarded traffic as well as to locally terminated traffic.                                                                                                                           | true, false               | boolean                | false                                         |

> | performanceHints       | Contains a list of hints to Calico's policy engine to help process the policy more efficiently.  Hints never change the enforcement behaviour of the policy.                                                                         | `AssumeNeededOnEveryNode` | List of strings        |                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| performanceHints       | Contains a list of hints to the policy engine to help process the policy more efficiently.  Hints never change the enforcement behavior of the policy.                                                                         | `AssumeNeededOnEveryNode` | List of strings        |                                               |
```

<Servicematch />

### Performance Hints

> Performance hints provide a way to tell {{prodname}} about the intended use of the policy so that it may

Reviewer 2: by "may" do you mean "it might possibly", or should this be "will" or "can" process it more efficiently?

Author: Yes, "it might possibly".  The hint may help or not, we'll do our best!
